What is Otherdeed for Otherside? There are only a few projects as bullish about the concept of metaverse as Bored Ape Yacht Club. They initially put their lore at the forefront and, out of nowhere, launched a YouTube video revealing their Otherside project. Soon after, the Otherdeed NFT project was dropped. This project aims to create a metaverse where most NFT-based projects have a voice. Otherdeed for Otherside: the BAYC metaverse Otherdeed for Otherside is a collection of 100,000 NFTS, each representing a part of the land of the Otherside metaverse. Each land has unique flora, fauna, and geography; in some, a Koda roams across the land. The trailer of Otherside came out of nowhere. The trailer showed the Sailor Ape NFT of the Bored Ape Yacht Club chilling outside his house for spending some of his time fishing. The next moment he catches a bottle that reads, &ldquo;Don&rsquo;t drink me&rdquo;. And naturally, the ape nonchalantly gulps down the drink. And that&rsquo;s when everything around him starts to change. The landscape around him begins to disappear, and just when he is about to get surprised by what is in front of his eyes, he gets whisked away by a creature &ndash; a Koda - to a distant land where he meets other NFTs of other projects like MAYC, World of Women, CryptoPunks, Meebits, and more. The trailer hit many views on the internet, and the NFT quickly went on to Twitter to find clues about what it all meant. A few days later, the NFT project became clear, and Otherdeed for the Otherside was released. The release of Otherdeed for Otherside was less than stellar. The congestion was too high, the gas prices were more than the NFT itself &ndash; and it resulted in many losing their ETH on gas prices without getting their NFTs. While Yuga Labs then did work night and day to issue refunds, the first-day mint soon became a historical event. But it did give the project much-needed notoriety and fame on social media. Once the NFT project landed on the Opensea, it was worth 4.7ETH. However, since not much was done around the project, other than the trailer, the price started to retrace. And then the Terra crash arrived. It put the NFT floor price of this project slightly above 0ETH. Thankfully, a significant bounce happened, and Otherdeed for Otherside was able to push through the 1.6ETh level. This token has experienced several accumulations and short-sell rounds from that point forward and is currently accumulating around 1.6ETH. Otherdeed of Otherside is one of the many metaverse projects by the Bored Ape Yacht Club &ndash; giving users their parcel of land to own, customize, live and play around in. That said, it is one of the few projects that have made a larger impact within the metaverse because it is one of the first projects that are willing to give free rein to other NFTs. Who is the Founder of Otherdeed by Otherside? Otherdeed by Otherside was founded by Yuga Labs, creators behind the #1 NFT project in the world &ndash; Bored Ape Yacht Club. However, when they first conceived this project, they had no intention of sharing it with the world &ndash; at least as far as the founder Gargamel is concerned. The first news of the NFT came after a leaked pitch deck in 2022. Rumor was that the BAYC developers were trying to develop a project that would expand BAYC within the metaverse and make it more inclusive. It was odd, to say the least since the BAYC has historically been a blue-chip project that&rsquo;s often bought by those who wanted to flex their assets. But this time was different &ndash; it seemed we were headed towards a newer, better metaverse that brings many NFT projects together under one roof. Despite the news, the developers were quick to reject that pitch deck. Gargamel was quick to come to discord and say that the pitch deck was &ldquo;an old, outdated pitch deck and hilariously a version that neither Gordon nor I ever saw.&rdquo; It was only after the launch of the trailer that they admitted to being in the process of developing an MMORPG for the BAYC ecosystem. And finally, the project was released as Otherdeed for the general public and soon reached a valuation of $4 billion. What is the Principal Idea behind the Creation of Otherdeed for Otherside? Bord Ape Yacht Club has always been a media-forward NFT project. For a few months, it has been active; it has generated celebrity and brand interest in equal measure. Even the lore behind the Bored Ape Yacht Club that talks about the NFTs in the swamp had the makings of the early metaverse. However starting a metaverse was in the cards earlier, but it was just an idea only to feature the apes. And as time passed, Bored Ape Yacht Club achieved the number 1 NFT in the world. It was time for it to grow. So, for the next step, the Bored Ape Yacht Club started to create a project that leveraged its own brand power and began to work on creating a metaverse platform known as the Otherside. A persistent, immersive virtual world, Otherside is the cream of the metaverse crop &ndash; allowing the biggest blue-chip NFT projects to integrate with the metaverse. So far, CryptoPunks World of Women, Crypto Kitties, and Meebits have been revealed to be part of this ecosystem. However, as more NFT projects emerge and the MMORPG becomes more accessible, this metaverse will become more expansive. What Makes Otherdeed for Otherside Unique? Despite its backing, Otherdeed for Otherside is not one of the top 3 NFT projects in the market. It ranks at number 4 but makes up for it through its utility within the ecosystem. It revolved around digital communities and affordable digital assets within the metaverse. Each other deed provides ownership of a patch of land within the Otherside. And Otherside is not some static &ldquo;metaverse&rdquo; that lies inside the lore with no digital footprint other than social media accounts; it is a full-fledged metaverse ecosystem developed by Animoca Brands and Improbable. Animoca Brands is the brand behind the creation of The Sandbox &ndash; the world&rsquo;s leading metaverse. Because of those factors, the following are the unique aspects of Otherdeed to keep in mind. The Unique Land Mass Even though 100,000 different NFTs represent other parts of the Otherside, every land is unique. There are Branding Opportunities Holders of the NFT hold the exclusive rights of the land they own. They can shape the ecosystem according to their wishes (within the constraints of their land) and can also host their brands. Presence of Kodas The third and possibly the most important part of this NFT project is the presence of Kodas. Kodas, themselves, are NFTs that some Otherdeed NFTs have. According to the lore, these celestial creatures watch over this patch of land and ensure its security. There are many unique Kodas within the Otherdeed that also has the crowd interested. What lies ahead for the Otherdeed for Otherside? Since the bear market, Yuga labs have been mum about how the game will work. That said, the team has revealed some attributes of this MMORPG: Improbable&rsquo;s M2 technology will power the metaverse. It will have a natural voice chat. Machine learning will be used to solve the problems. The gameplay will be immersive. If the project hits the ground running, Otherdeed&rsquo;s price can experience an upswing. But so far, the price has continued to accumulate. Otherdeeds for Otherside: Traits breakdown Here is the study of the Otherdeed for Otherside 75 artifacts 2 Artifacts? 8 categories 74 Eastern Resources 29 environments 74 Natural resources 1 Obelisk Piece 5 Sediment 74 Southern Resource 74 Western resource There are also tiers for the Northern, Southern, Western, and Eastern resources and Environments. Other attributes are about Kodas Whether or not the land has Koda Whether or not the Koda is wearing cloths 100 Cores 100 Eyes 100 weapons 100 Heads Whether a Koda has a mega Koda ID How to buy Otherdeed for Otherside You can buy Otherdeed from Otherside from Opensea. However, the price is currently under accumulation and has seen more than a few drops. So, knowing when to buy this NFT is critical. Head over to NFTPriceFloor to get this NFT at the best price. This collection is related to other NFT projects like: Bored Ape Yacht Club (BAYC) | Bored Ape Kennel Club (BAKC) | Mutant Ape Yacht Club (MAYC)