What is Pudgy Penguins? 2022 has been a slightly less than optimal year for the NFT &ndash; especially the Non Fungible Tokens that fall under the niche of Profile Picture NFTs.&nbsp; Pudgy Penguins, however, is here to carve a different niche within this niche, focusing on the community aspect and doubling on the Web3 branding. Pudgy Penguins NFT: 8,888 cute penguin themed avatars Pudgy Penguins NFT is a collection of 8,888 uniquely generated penguin NFTs on the Ethereum artwork from over 150 traits for mouths, faces, eyes, skins, and backgrounds. Pudgy Penguins were launched on July 22, 2021, and quickly gained the NFT crowd&rsquo;s attention because of their rather simple but unique look. Each NFT features a plain and expressive penguin that aims to create a serene atmosphere for the NFT holders. The original aim of this project is to bring a Web3 brand to real life. The team has huddled together to create a web3 NFT ecosystem that can increase the adoption rate. That, and the team&rsquo;s bullishness to create NFT projects that matter, helped this project skyrocket in value soon after landing on the market. Within half a month after launch, the value of a pudgy Penguin NFT reached 2.7ETH. And like with all the other NFT projects, the hype died for a while, pushing the importance of this NFT project down. There was no buzz about this project in the last days of 2021, leading to its floor price dropping below 1ETH and hovering around 0.5ETH. Thankfully, a bunch of Pudgy Penguins enthusiasts quickly rallied to bounce the price back up. The Pudgy bulls continued to rally the token till the end of March 30, which pushed the floor price of Pudgy Penguins NFT to an all-time high of 3.15ETH. It led the entire crypto crowd to believe that this project had finally redeemed itself. However, it then suffered like the rest of the crypto market, dropping once again below the 1ETH level. After a marginal bounce, another bull rally began &ndash; pushing the floor price to another all-time high, and this time, we believe that the price might be here to stay. Pudgy Penguins is one of the few NFT projects whose floor price is closer to reaching all-time high levels after the bear market, which makes it one of the most NFTs in the market. It is partly because Pudgy Penguins have become a status symbol &ndash; something to flex &ndash; which is one of the reasons that NFTs first became ubiquitous. Is the Pudgy Penguins NFT project trying to bring the good old days? Who are the Founders of the Pudgy Penguins NFT Project? Pudgy Penguins is the brainchild of 4 individuals who remained anonymous during the project&rsquo;s launch. However, the New York Times stepped in and revealed their identities. Four friends created the Pudgy Penguins NFT project, all pursuing Computer Science. The head honcho of this project is Mrtubby, whose real name is Clayton Patterson. His reason for launching the project was to leverage its meme potential. In an interview with the Times, he said, &ldquo;There was a Huge meme potential in fat-looking penguins, so we decided to roll with that.&rdquo; After the launch, the project spread out like wildfire. The simplistic artwork, coupled with the fact that meme has been a big thing on the internet since the beginning, naturally started a community as soon as the project landed. NFT owners became the &ldquo;huddlers,&rdquo; and they formed a &ldquo;The huddle,&rdquo; a community that focuses on pushing NFTs in a way that can increase their adoption rate. What was the Founding Principle of Pudgy Penguins Pudgy Penguins were designed as a meme. NFTs have been historically described as memes due to their quirky artworks and their outlandish costs. And while other projects have tried to take a more practical approach towards the NFTs, Pudgy Penguins have leaned into that meme aspect. So what are pudgy penguins? They are the NFTs that reside in the arctic region of the metaverse. Each Pudgy Penguin is called &ldquo;Pengu,&rdquo; taken from the claymation shorts about a Penguin family living in the Arctic. While there is no definite lore about this project, one can see the original vision of this project. The developers of this project want Pudgy Penguins to be at the forefront of building an innovation within the web3 ecosystem. Pudgy Penguins have created a community of like-minded individuals trying to develop a mass adoptable web3 brand. Much of the evidence for that claim exists in the merchandise of this NFT project. What makes Pudgy Penguins unique? Pudgy Penguins aren&rsquo;t so different from other PFP-driven projects. However, what makes them unique are: The developers have leaned into the joke aspect of the project: An essential ingredient behind the secret sauce of pudgy penguin&rsquo;s growth has been the developer&rsquo;s acceptance of what this project represents. It started as a Joke; NFT and the crypto crowd responded to their honesty and growth. Pudgy Penguins Children&rsquo;s Books are on the way: All the NFTs in the Pudgy Penguin NFT project can be construed as cute. Every character feels harmless enough to be easily included in a children&rsquo;s storybook. It is contrary to other projects &ndash; like Goblin Town WTF. The developers are in the works of creating a memorable story about the Pudgy Penguins NFTs to educate the next generation of NFT holders in a fun way. Introduction of Lil Pudgys: Pudgy Penguins have already taken a step towards the children&rsquo;s story by introducing Lil Pudgys. These are a collection of 22.222 NFTs of northern decent who are fierce, mighty, and can fight against the evil bears of negativity. These NFTs are given to eligible Pudgy Penguin NFT holders for free. Pudgy media: Pudgy Media is &ldquo;built with love for the huddle&rdquo; and is a community-driven project that is there to empower creators to accomplish their dreams. Here, the NFT holders can engage with other Penguins to bring to life creations through their NFTs. Marketplace: Pudgy Penguins have launched an NFT marketplace using the Origin protocol &ndash; giving the crowd a chance to buy NFTs from a place other than the Opensea. What lies in the Future of the Pudgy Penguins NFT project? The Pudgy Penguins NFT project is working on creating a metaverse. Although, it is still pretty much a rumor. However, that recent rumor has caused a sharp uptick in its current price. Part of the reason why people believe that a Pudgy Penguin metaverse is coming is because of the recent Quest map option on the official website. Hovering the cursor over the quest map says a roadmap is coming soon. Another major goal of Pudgy Penguins developers is creating an anime series. They want to incorporate Pudgy Penguins into a Japanese anime series that takes Japanese culture and cinematic aesthetics into account. &ldquo;A manga account will create the story at the highest halevel of production.&rdquo;, the Pudgy Penguins team has stated. And from the looks of it, they are not taking this lightly. Pudgy Penguins &ndash; Traits Breakdown Here is the breakdown of the traits of pudgy penguins: 13 backgrounds 64 bodies 27 faces 54 heads 15 skins Overall, there are 150 traits to choose from. How to buy Pudgy Penguins NFTs? There are two places to buy Pudgy Penguin NFTs, one is the official marketplace on the Origin Protocol, and the other one is the Opensea. But to profit from your purchase, you must know the best time to buy. NFTPriceFloor delivers you the precise information you require to get started.