What is Fluf World? Fluf World is a Metaverse populated by a collection of 10,000 3D animated rabbit NFTs residing in the Ethereum blockchain. These one-of-a-kind NFTs are programmatically generated using 270 traits spread across 14 different categories and three degrees of separation. They are further customized by their expression, scene, dance and soundtrack. The minds behind these three-dimensional NFTs are Non-Fungible Labs, a New Zealand-based crypto company that has shaken up the NFT with their highly-defined rabbits. Each NFT is almost life-like, anthropomorphized and creates an artistic aura around it. With fully animated backgrounds that make many of us reminisce of the new &ldquo;ray tracing&rdquo; technology, these NFTs feel more like media devices whose utility is a lot more than meets the eye. Each rabbit features his animated looks, dance moves and background music. And with its ubiquity and the stamp it has put on the NFT world, many are hailing Fluf World at the same level as Bored Ape Yacht Club -- one that can redefine the NFT space in extremely exclusive ways. First launched at 0.09ETH, it wasn't long when people started noticing the immense art and effort put behind the NFTs. Due to the rush catalyzed by the artistic factor of these NFTS, their price rose to 0.5 ETH and soon afterwards, the rarest among these 3D Rabbits reached 25 ETH. Overnight that huge impact raised the worth of Fluf World NFT at 24 million US dollars. But what makes these NFTs special is the commercial license that the NFT enthusiasts gain after owning one Rabbit. Non-Fungible Labs have given complete autonomy to the holders to use the tokens as they please for commercial purposes. This creative freedom, coupled with the creative nuance that already exists in Fluf World is cooking up a storm within the NFT world, with some saying this is just the beginning for the project and many more features are expected to be released. Who is the founder of Fluf World? Fluf World NFTs are stored as ERC- 721 based tokens on the blockchain. Created by Non-Fungible Labs, in partnership with Centrality, this NFT has artistic and entrepreneurial ideas behind it. Jesse Metcalf, one of the Co-Creators, says, &ldquo;FLUFS are interactive media channels. They are rich, new media experiences built on the back of community ownable characters that will create smart and connectable experiences within the Metaverse." Fluf World came into existence through the Non-Fungible Lab&rsquo;s desire to create a collection of Metaverse-ready characters that will allow the community to engage intelligently with the Metaverse. While the founders were inspired by the likes of BAYC, they needed to take a different approach - one that could set them on the fast track to the Metaverse. And as a result, Metaverse-ready Flufs arrived. Being modular in design, Flufs will receive more traits in future updates. These new features will further enhance the brand&rsquo;s ubiquity in the space. Putting community at the forefront, Aaron MacDonald, one of the Co-founders of Fluf World has said that it is the passion of that community pushing Fluf World to new horizons. What are the features of Fluf World? One of the outstanding aspects of Fluf World are the features descriptions. Instead of leaving everything to the holder&rsquo;s imagination, the developers were kind enough to create a page where they explain the features that each one of these collectibles present. Some of the most notable features among them are as follows: Customization of name and backstory: Every owner has the right to not only rename their Flufs but also create a backstory behind them, which they can then display on all platforms. Customization of the songs: Every day, the team is expanding upon their original song offerings and thus, giving owners a chance to customize the soundtracks of their Flufs. Donating to a good cause: With each Fluf sold, 10% of the profits go to charitable causes all across the globe. Commercial rights to the Fluf: The developers have given full commercial rights to the Flufs to their holders. They can use the assets of the fluff they own to create and get paid by it. However, these features are not the only aspects of Fluf World NFT that make it unique. What makes Fluf World unique? In all honesty, some of the artwork that populates the NFT space is just terrible. As neither the art nor the artists take precedence here, but the ownership and bragging rights, many NFT-creators get away with giving away a few pixels. Fluf World is different. Their art is sublime. Every 3-D rabbit carries high-definition details, complete with artful animations, backgrounds and sounds that make it a truly artistic NFT. Future of the Fluf World In the future, the developers are coming up with new features to add more nuance to the NFT so that the holders can extract more utility from them. These include: Voxel Flufs: The developers are currently working on creating Voxel Flufs for the virtual worlds. More rabbits: Following the footsteps of Cyberkongz, Cryptoadz and more, Fluf World is about to add a breeding function to create Fluflets. Online Merchandise: Work on online merchandise is underway &ndash; hoping to bring the Fluf content into the real world. Integration with Altered State Machine: As gaming makes NFTs usable, the developers are working to integrate Flufs with the aid of Altered State Machine so that they can act as playable characters in a range of different games. Introduction of the liquidity pool: A liquidity pool is coming up soon. It will allow holders to stake their NFTs and earn profits. Burrow Creation: With burrows for every Fluf NFT, the team is taking a step to create its Metaverse. These are the future offers that the 3D NFT developers are bringing to the table. However, much of this roadmap is yet to come into the picture. It has given voice to some detractors saying that much of it is just too good to be true. Breakdown of the Fluf world Fluf World NFTs present a total of 270 traits spread over 14 categories: 20 backgrounds 8 dance moves 14 sets of ears 15 expressions 35 eyes 18 Eyewears 46 Fur types 31 Heads 15 Mouths 43 music 19 necks 13 Noses 2 sexes 21 tops This wide variety of traits gives each NFT a truly unique aspect. How to buy Fluf world NFTs? Right now, the only way for you to get your hands on Fluf World NFTs is through secondary marketplaces. However, there is no low-price NFT here. Every single one of them is exclusive and thus, caters to a specific crowd &ndash; one that has no qualms about shelling out a large amount of ETH to own one Fluf. But remember, if you want to stay updated about the price of Fluf World and other collections, be in touch with NFT Price Floor. Here, you will have the data you need so that you can go beyond speculation and add an informed weight behind your decision to buy the next trendy non-fungible token.