What is Veefriends? Veefriends is one of the biggest blue-chip NFT projects in the market, owing its success to Gary Vee, the content machine. It started as a simple PFP project similar to the Bored Ape Yacht Club but then proceeded to take off and rule the NFT charts quickly. Veefriends NFT: the key to access the Gary Vee community Veefriends is a collection of 10.3k NFTs built on the Ethereum blockchain. Each NFT is hand-drawn individually. There are no standard traits involved in this project. The only characteristics you can find of this NFT are based on what they imply. For example. Some NFTs are categorized by whether they are &ldquo;Gary Originally owned,&rdquo; while others are &ldquo;Just Art&rdquo;, and some are &ldquo;Redemptions&rdquo;. The NFTs are also divided into &ldquo;Token Benefits&rdquo; and Editions. Ever since the arrival of NFTs, Gary V has been their biggest proponent. They are the focus of his talks across many of his motivational speeches. And the sheer marketing that this NFT project could attain in its early days pushed it off the ground and into the peaks of the NFT floor price charts. The primary goal of this NFT project is to allow Gary Vee to create an exclusive community that consists of those genuinely excited about NFT technology and smart contracts. That bullishness and the marketing behind it pushed the value of Veefriends from 0.5ETH to 12Eth as soon as it was launched. And since it was during the heyday of NFTs, it accumulated around that level for a while before shooting up to cross the 16ETH price mark. The floor price of the project gradually corrected to 5.95ETH due to the 2022 bear market before bouncing back to 10 ETH. However, the activity of this project has slowed a bit because much of the attention has been on the second collection of this project. Each and every NFT in this project represent the traits that Gary Vee admires. He wants these traits to lead people to success and happiness in life. Let us now look into the different aspects of this project, including how it came to be. Who are the Founders of the Veefriends Project? Gary Vaynerchuk, one of the leading motivational speakers in the world, is the founder of this project. Gary started as a wine critic, owing to his different-than-most upbringing by his father. As he grew, he put his attention to a communications company known as VaynerX. High-octane in speech and highly energetic when it comes to churning out content, Gary Vee is also the CEO of VaynerMedia, VaynerSports, and a four-time New York best-selling Author. He then became one of the most prolific voices within the NFT space &ndash; being one of the earliest supporters of what is now the biggest NFT project in the world &ndash; BAYC. He also is one of the most prolific voices in the world of content creation. And while his &ldquo;swallowing the chewing-gum&rdquo; habit to save time has been made fun of, his approach to content bleeds into his NFT project, and it shows. &ldquo;NFT will be there for the rest of my life,&rdquo; &ndash; Gary Vee says about the project. He also believes that Veefriends will be the project that will go down in history that made it all happen. What are the Origins of VeeFriends NFT? Gary Vee launched VeeFriends back on May 11, 2021, after being inspired by the project Workplace Warriors. It was a project created by Kidrobot. This collection has many interesting characters, such as the Empathy Elephants &ndash; something the employees could look at in the workplace for solace if their boss is shitty. The emotional emphasis of these projects really got Gary Vee riled up. He wanted to create something similar. And he had the tools that he was most bullish about &ndash; NFTs. &ldquo;It&rsquo;s the biggest technology that has ever happened in this history of life outside things like f***ing fire&rdquo;, Gary Vee said in one interview. &ldquo;This is like printing press 10.0.&rdquo; And just like that, the first VeeFriends were born. The project was quick to grab the attention of the NFT space &ndash; and the general public. No one, even the biggest critics of this project, was forced to look into and try to see its appeal just because Gary Vee made it inescapable. And the reason was simple: bullish marketing. NFTs were part of Gary Vee&rsquo;s speeches wherever he went &ndash; especially on LinkedIn and YouTube. In these social media spaces, he could find those who were the most bullish about the NFT project and understood how it could redefine ownership &ndash; and change everything. But in order to bring such a change, Gary Vee wanted to create something more from these NFTs &ndash; by giving them real-life use-cases. So be made Veefriends as tools to enter VeeCon. It is a convention of Veefriends token holders. What makes Veefriends Unique? In hindsight, Veefriends doesn&rsquo;t look any different from any other NFT project. However, peeling the layers and looking into this project reveals much about it. Most NFTs are hand-made When we see most NFT &ldquo;collections&rdquo;, we see them as an algorithmically generated collection of hand-drawn traits. VeeFriends NFT, however, is a collection of many hand-drawn artworks. They are doodles done by a child &ndash; random sketches moved across the paper. But, somehow, they still look appealing. Every artwork feels honest and expressive, which is rare to see within the NFT space. Book games Book Games tell a story from Gary Vee&rsquo;s book &ldquo;Twelve and a Half &ndash; Leveraging the emotional ingredients necessary for Business success&rdquo;. It is a one-of-a-kind NFT project that lets you allow your wallet and play. These are 16 Hand-drawn artworks that are wrapped in five of the Veefriends Spectacular rarities. There are 1200 different types of BOOK GAME tokens. Upon buying this NFT, players can play book games and earn several benefits. VeeCon VeeCon is an event that all VeeFriends NFT holders can go to. It is a multi-day, exclusive event that focuses on business, marketing, creativity, ideas, entrepreneurship, innovation, competition, and fun. These tokens will give people access to VeeCon events in 2022, 2023, and 2024. The 2022 event has already taken place. However, it is important to know that this token expires after the last 2024 event. VeeFriends Mini Drops The original token holders could also claim the mini drops a few days after the first launch. What Lies in the Future of VeeFriends? Gary Vee is also a big purveyor of the metaverse and has plans to integrate VeeFriends within the space soon. However, they won&rsquo;t be in the current collection. VeeFriends is necessarily a vehicle to create more projects that will come. Those future NFTs will have a place within the virtual worlds. VeeFriends Traits Breakdown Here is the breakdown of the traits of VeeFriends Access Remaining: 3 Access Type: 6 Character: 268 Edition #: 736 Gary Originally Owned: 1 Gifts Remaining: 1 Just Art: 1 Redemptions: 1 Spectacular Type: 5 Token Benefit: 3 As you can see, these are not your standard traits. Each one represents a different attribute of the NFT project &ndash; not the appearance. It is another factor that makes this NFT project truly unique. How to buy VeeFriends? The entire VeeFriends collection is open to purchase on OpenSea. But before you buy, it is better to check the best price for this NFT project. The market is volatile and can change rapidly if you wait a while. Therefore, only buy the best NFT projects you believe in after checking their price on NFTFloorPrice.